All right.
In the last section, we have completed the pagination of both pages, image and web.
In this section, we're going to work on the loading effect of our website.
So if you look at the final version, and for example, if you search something by clicking on, I'm
feeling lucky.
You can see it loading effect here.
And then we see the results first for the web.
And then if you click on Image, we're going to see the another form of loading effect for images.
So next year, 13 actually introduce a new.
A filing convention for loading effect, which does not need any estate or using the user set or use
effect.
React Hulk So I'm going to show you inside the their documentation which is inside better that next
JS dot org for slash docs.
And if you go here on the left side, scroll down a little bit.
I think we can find the loading here inside the file conventions.
So we, I have introduced you to layout page error.
And to hit the other one is loading.
So we're going to have a loading DOJ's file, which is going to be.
Add service component.
And this is going to use a system called suspense from the React.
So if you create this file and put it inside the folder, it's going to automatically detect the waiting
for the page until it gets ready.
And then as shows this loading, for example, this text instead of that.
But you can create your skeleton and other formats of loadings.
So I'm going to show you how to create it using Tailwind CSS.
So let's create this file inside these two folders as we want.
We want to have different loading effects for the image and web.
We're going to create two files.
So first one is for the Web.
We're going to call it loading dot gsx.
We create a React functional component here.
And we just say here, loading for now and then for the image, we're going to create the same file.
I can copy this file, put it here using keeping control and put it here to the because the naming and
everything would be similar.
Now, if you look at our website, let me see that we start the server first using NPM and PM.
Run did.
So let's see that we can get the lowering effect, just the text that we have created now.
So let me just.
First go to the home page and then you're going to search something.
So we are now in the home page, for example, our search.
Hello.
And then this is going to go to the website.
As you can see, we are seeing the loading.
Now and after 10 seconds, which is the waiting for the results, we have created a fake 10 seconds.
Wait here.
We get the result.
And if you click on image.
We're going to see the loading effect as well.
So so it's working.
The system is working.
Now.
We just have to create the loading effect for each of them separately.
So first, we can start with the web.
So I'm going to stop the server for now.
So I'm going to stop the server to don't exhaust the API key request.
So we go back to loading the gsx.
Inside the Web folder.
And here we're going to create some empty divs.
And we're going to animate them using Tailwind CSS.
So we're going to have first we have an empty fragment and inside this we're going to have.
One dip.
Which includes, as you can see, we are getting some suggestions, but I want to make it some different
way.
So another div.
So the things we do here.
Is to have a different width.
And if you look at the final version and we go to all each of them has different width and height.
So it represents the.
So if you if I refresh again, so the height is are different and the width of difference.
So we can see it's represents the same structure of the results we get.
So we're going to have, for example, for the first one, we're going to have a 2.5 height.
And the background color would be.
Gray.
So the background color is actually the same for all of them.
So let me and create the common parts.
Copy them and then just change the things we need.
For example, this one is the common one is background Gray 200.
And then we want to make it rounded.
Fold.
So we we're going to have a rounded in the corner.
And then.
We're going to have.
A margin bottom of 2.5.
So and now we're going to just copy this file and then just we change the height of this one for each
of them.
So I'm going to copy this font three more times using all shift arrow done for the first one, I'm going
to just set the height to be 2.5 and then the width to be 48.
For the second one, I want to set the height to be 3.5.
But I want to set the width to be.
pixels.
Okay.
And then here we're going to have.
With of.
560 pixels.
And finally, for the last one, we're going to have
the weight of 530 pixels.
Okay, let's start the server and check what we have already.
So, uh, let's see, the server is okay.
We just, uh, refresh the page now.
We see that here.
But some of them went under that top.
So I'm going to just add some padding as well.
For the top one.
I want to add some margin in the x axis of two.
Padding in the top of ten and we set the maximum.
With to B six excel for the large screen and above.
I want two padding in the left of 52.
And also I want to make the animate animate pulse.
So animal pulse actually just like increase and decrease the.
Uh, color of this one.
So make it like an animation.
So let's refresh the page and see it so we can see it like the animation here, But I still cannot see
the two at the bottom.
Here, let me check why.
So here that the last two, we didn't set the height actually.
So the height for this one is two.
For the last one, the height is two as well.
So now we should.
See it.
Let me refresh the page.
Now you can see it like that.
It's pulsing.
And also it has it in the small size.
It's like this.
So a small size is actually goes a little bit outside so we can maybe fix this one by.
Instead of words we just say Max with.
I can hear.
So let's test it again.
This.
Refresh the page.
I can now they are inside because the Mac the maximum they go to the year and are different inside the
larger screen.
So the simple things now we can do we just copy this one like three four more times so we can have a
just a different.
And so this one I'm going to.
Just let me make it small.
So I'm going to copy this, dear.
For example, two more times using all shift arrow down.
So now if we refresh the page, we should see three of them on top of each other, similar like this.
So because that is enough for loading effect, I think.
Kate.
So let's stop the server now and create the one for the.
Image.
Okay.
That one would be very similar and easy to.
So here for the image part, we're going to have similar things, but instead we're going to bring them
next to each other.
And the width for them would be similar, similar size.
So we're going to have this similar things like we have an empty fragment or because we want to bring
them next to each other, we can just keep this there.
And inside this step, we're going to have three separate places.
So we're going to have a diff here.
And inside this there, we're going to have three divs.
The first step is going to be with the height of 48 because we want to display like an image.
So it's a big height.
And then the weight is going to be similar 48 and we're going to have some margin at a bottom of four.
And also, we want to have the background color gray 200 and also we want to make it rounded video.
K So that's it for this one, the first one.
Uh, let me copy this one.
I'm going to change it.
So the next step is going to be the height of.
Two instead.
The width would be similar, but the margin bottom is 2.5.
And everything else is the same.
And then we're going to have.
The next one, which is voted for the title of the image and the description.
The double is a title and this is a description or something like a display link, you can say.
So this one width would be a little bit smaller.
44 and then four the margin bottom.
That is fine, 2.5.
Height is two.
So everything else is okay.
And then.
So we're going to have.
Just.
And we just add the anime.
Animate pulse here.
See the effect.
So let's start the server again using NPM run dev.
Now we can test the image after the server is ready.
So now we just go to the image part.
So we.
We see it like this.
So it looks like it because we need to have three next to each other and then see it like that.
And then we didn't add actually the margin padding at the top.
So here inside this step, we're going to have the padding at the top too, with the ten margin in the
x axis of two and also.
Uh, we can just bring it a little bit to the right side in the in the larger screen and above by padding
left of 52.
And also, we can set the max width here to be six Excel two.
So now let's test it again.
We refresh the page.
Okay, Now we can see it.
It's like this.
Okay.
And after 10 seconds we can see the results.
So what we want to do is to copy and paste this one, three, two more times.
One, two.
And then here we just changed the display to flex, to bring them next to each other.
Let's see what we have.
So there are next to each other, but they are connected so we can simply add a space X of four.
Okay.
But in the mobile size, they're also still next to each other, which is going to one of they have
to be on top of each other.
So I'm going to say make this one flex column.
But for the small size and above make to make this flex to be real.
Now let's see what we see inside the mobile size.
Let's refresh the page.
Now we see them on top of each other, but the space X actually is making them a little bit weird.
So we're going to remove the space X.
So we just set this space X for the small size and above.
Okay, let's see what we get now.
Okay, now they're on top of each other.
Uh, actually, we don't see them here because we need to add some padding on the, uh, padding in
the bottom of, for example, 42.
So we add some space here, too.
So I'm going to.
Refresh the page again now.
Okay.
Let's wait a little bit.
I think the result didn't applied yet.
Padding at a bottom of 42.
So let's see.
So for the mobile size, actually, we can just show one of them.
We don't need to show three so we can make this one actually hidden for the mobile size.
But in the mobile size and above, we can make them inline flex.
So let's copy this one and put it for the last one too.
So let's test it now.
Okay, now we just see the one image loading in the mobile.
But in the big size.
Okay.
It's a little bit miss.
Now, here.
So let's see what's happened here.
Okay.
They became inline flex.
That's a problem.
You know, I think instead of just adding it to the both of them, I'm going to cut this one and also
I'm going to delete for the second one.
Sorry about that.
This is just I'm doing it now.
I haven't think about it before.
So let's bring it bring these two inside another div and then I just add this hidden here.
So now let's test it again.
It's working, but we just need to add some space between them here.
So that is easy to do.
So in this small size and above, we're going to have some space between them, for example, for.
So now let's test it again.
Okay.
Now it's working for the larger screen and is for the small size.
We just see one of them.
Okay.
All right.
So that was it for creating the loading effect.
And also.
And we have created this one for the web and the image.
So and also you can see that we try an error.
You can create anything you want in the Web, as I did for the image loading effect.
So now we can just stop the server for now, we can add this one to GitHub using contour shift G.
We can open the source control.
We can click here on the plus icon and add everything to GitHub using just creating a message first,
which is add loading effects for web and image.
Pages.
So we're going to commit and push it to GitHub.
So let's go to go GitHub and review what we have done.
So we're going to click on the Google clone here, so we're going to refresh the page.
Now we have 17 commits in our GitHub repository, and the last one is add loading effects for web and
image pages.
So as you can see, we have created a new file called Loading JSX, which is going to work
inside the next Yes, 13 as a substitute loading effect for the same page inside this.
So we have just added a couple of empty div but with different height and width and with the background
gray.
And also we have added the animate pulse for making it animated like a skeleton.
And then for we just this is for the EMS.
So we inside the mobile size, we just see these.
The first one, but in the larger screen, we see three of them.
And for the web, we just created three paragraphs on top of each other, each including a four lines
and with different width and height, which is represents the structure that we have inside the web.
So that was it for this part.
We have just completed.
Our website.
In the next section, we're going to add deploy our website to virtual.
Now I'm going to show you how to do it simply using a virtual dot com.
So see in the next section.